README.md, before:

# Hang In There

A boilerplate repo. 

## Set Up

1. One teammate: fork this repository
2. Clone down your new, forked repo
3. cd into the repository
4. Open it in your text editor
5. Add all project partners and your assigned instructor as collaborators on the repository

Project spec & rubric can be found [here](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-1/hang-in-there.html)

To view your project:

1. In your terminal, navigate to your project repo
2. Run the command `open index.html`
  
______________________________________________________  
# README Template  
Before turning this project in, erase this line and everything above it and fill in the info below.  
______________________________________________________  

# Hang in There  

### Abstract:
[//]: <> (Briefly describe what you built and its features. What problem is the app solving? How does this application solve that problem?)

### Installation Instructions:
[//]: <> (What steps does a person have to take to get your app cloned down and running?)

### Preview of App:
[//]: <> (Provide ONE gif or screenshot of your application - choose the "coolest" piece of functionality to show off.)

### Context:
[//]: <> (Give some context for the project here. How long did you have to work on it? How far into the Turing program are you?)

### Contributors:
[//]: <> (Who worked on this application? Link to their GitHubs.)

### Learning Goals:
[//]: <> (What were the learning goals of this project? What tech did you work with?)

### Wins + Challenges:
[//]: <> (What are 2-3 wins you have from this project? What were some challenges you faced - and how did you get over them?)

Commit message:

Fill out README and complete project

README.md, after:



# Hang in There  

### Abstract:
[//]: <> (Briefly describe what you built and its features. What problem is the app solving? How does this application solve that problem?)
We created a random image generator that random combines an image with 2 different texts.  One text can be a title and one is a quote.  The user can also use a form to create their own unique poster by inputing an image link and writing text in the appropriate input fields.

### Installation Instructions:
[//]: <> (What steps does a person have to take to get your app cloned down and running?)
1. Fork this repository.
2. Clone down your new, forked repo
3. cd into the repository
4. In the terminal, run `open index.html`

### Preview of App:
[//]: <> (Provide ONE gif or screenshot of your application - choose the "coolest" piece of functionality to show off.)
[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/Y3e6XvF.jpg)

### Context:
[//]: <> (Give some context for the project here. How long did you have to work on it? How far into the Turing program are you?)
We worked for approximately 23 hours on this project.  We are in our second week of Module 1 at Turing.

### Contributors:
[//]: <> (Who worked on this application? Link to their GitHubs.)
Natalie Kinsaul
https://github.com/nkinsaul
Derek Yeh
https://github.com/derekgithub2

### Learning Goals:
[//]: <> (What were the learning goals of this project? What tech did you work with?)
Write clean dry JavaScript.  Begin to understand the relationship between HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  To build and understand how to write code collaboratively: documenting changes with commits, merging branches, and working as a team to plan, problem solve, and build a functioning app.  

### Wins + Challenges:
[//]: <> (What are 2-3 wins you have from this project? What were some challenges you faced - and how did you get over them?)
# Wins
1. We completed all 4 iterations of the project.
2. We communicated and worked well collaboratively.  

# Challenges 
We faced challenges when it came to broader scope issues with HTML in particular.  Some things were difficult to research because of a general lack of understanding of language specfic rules related to HTMl.  We researched problems until we felt we had hit a wall, and then we reached out for help within the cohort.
